(♪♪♪)
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
(♪♪♪)
Well, you look beautiful.
Thank you.
What was that for?
To remind you that
we're speaking at the conference
in a few hours.
Wait, that's today?
What day did you think it was?
I don't know, tomorrow.
Look, I'm pretty sure
you can handle it without me.
I've got a lot of work to do.
I need to figure out
which trail has the best chances
of us finding something and
right now.
- It's not like...
- Glen, suck it up
and get ready.
If I do this one,
you have to promise
I won't have to ever again.
I promise.
You know, I can always tell
when you're lying.
We leave in an hour.
Okay.
(♪♪♪)
Excuse me.
Could you all ple...
could you all sign my dinosaur,
- please?
- Yeah, sure.
- Sure.
- Yeah.
My son's a big fan,
he watches
all your expedition videos.
(Indistinct chatter)
There you go.
I'd like to find dinosaurs
and monsters with you when I...
when I grow up.
Hey, well, I look forward to
working with you,
I think you're gonna make
a great monster hunter.
- Thanks.
- Thank you, both.
He's a little shy,
but this means the world
to him.
Well, thank you, guys,
for coming.
Thank you.
(Indistinct chatter)
Where is he?
We do not have much time.
Hey guys, sorry, I'm late.
Uh, which room is it in?
GLEN:
It's in room 4.
We'll be on in about 15 minutes.
Oh, it'll only take me a second
to set up.
Now, I hope you're all having
a wonderful time.
Well, it's going to get
even better.
I'm sure that most
if not all of you have heard
of our next speakers,
Glen Craven and Lily Lantz,
who are here to discuss with us
the details
of their latest endeavor.
So please give a big round
of applause to Glen and Lily.
(Applause)
Thank you all so much
for being with us today.
Now, I'm sure
you all are wondering
where our next
research expedition
is going to be.
Aliens, strange lights,
people completely vanishing,
monsters.
This, ladies and gentlemen,
is Mount Adams.
The mountain is most known
for its strange
lights phenomenon.
This is a still from a video
captured by a couple
that went hiking
on the mountain.
This man was driving
by the mountain
when he saw that.
This is a photo taken
by a farmer at dusk
about an hour
after he saw the lights
appear on the mountain.
What's interesting
is people only report
seeing these creatures
after the red lights
have been sighted.
Now of course,
there are a lot of theories
which try to explain away
the lights and the creatures
uh, which we will be covering
in our upcoming...
...we've told you the stories
of eyewitnesses,
we've showed you
the photographs,
and now we are pretty much
out of time,
but I think we can answer
at least one question.
Uh, you in the front.
When do you plan to start
and how long do you expect
to stay on the mountain?
Yes, well, actually uh,
we'll be leaving tomorrow
and uh, we'll be up there
for three days.
Uh, we'll be bringing cameras,
camera traps,
anything to help us uh,
capture some footage and some-
some good evidence of uh,
whatever's up there.
Uh, by the way a shout out
to our awesome
camera tech guy Blake,
who will be joining us
along with a few other people.
Hope that answers the question.
I am so sorry,
but we are out of time.
We'll be back at our booth
to answer
any more of your questions.
Thank you so much
for coming out
and hearing us speak today.
Thanks.
(Applause)
(♪♪♪)
(Indistinct chatter)
Did you enjoy today?
Oh, yeah, definitely.
- Thank you, sir.
- Thank you.
Hey uh, my uncle practically
lives on Mount Adams.
He could be your guide
if you guys want one.
- That would be awesome.
- Yeah.
Alright uh, my name is Louis.
Here's his name and number.
Louis, thank you so much.
Yep.
Just tell him Louis sent you.
- Thank you.
- Perfect.
- Thank you so much, Louis.
- Yeah, no problem.
- Thanks, Louis.
- Hi, guys.
I look... I really look forward
to reading your book.
Oh, thank you so much.
(♪♪♪)
You okay?
No, I still can't find a trail
that's opened,
they're all closed off.
Look, you have no access here,
no access here,
they... they're all closed.
I think we're gonna be fine.
Just give that guy a call.
What guy?
That guy's uncle that lives
next to the mountain.
He said if we needed a guide,
that he'd help.
Well, he's pretty much
our only shot at this point,
so I'll just give him a call
tomorrow morning.
Okay.
(♪♪♪)
But unless he actually
has access to the trails,
there's no...
(Grunting)
No, I'm being serious.
- We'll be fine.
- There's...
Don't worry about it.
(Chuckles)
Oh, what would I ever do
without you?
(Sighing)
You'd be sad and alone.
(Chuckling)
Goodnight.
(♪♪♪)
(Whirring)
Oh, hey guys.
So where's the little guy?
Is he comin', too?
Yep uh, we have to go
to his house to pick him up
and by the way,
his sister's coming, too.
- Okay.
- Oh, okay.
You guys might wanna hurry
though,
they're not gonna be happy
that we're late.
Alright,
you guys got everything?
Yep, we'll see you there.
See you there.
(♪♪♪)
Hey, Thomas.
About time you pisspots
showed up.
Come on, it's cool
to be fashionably late!
Fashionable, my ass.
That's what you call it.
Can you do anything by yourself?
I can, but I won't.
(♪♪♪)
(Grunting)
Hey guys, uh,
whoever wants to shower
should probably take one now.
Nah, I'm good,
but it might be the last shower
you ever take
before the aliens get you.
- And why wouldn't they get you?
- Simple.
Aliens would be like,
"Ew, what a smelly boy!",
and then I'd just sit back,
and watch all you butt-clowns
get snatched up into space.
Um, I'll take my chances
with that, so...
Hey, I'll take one with you,
so we'll save water
for everybody.
Okay, but you're not borrowing
my shampoos.
Mm.
Hey, anybody wanna take
a steamy hot shower with me?
How about you,
Professor Peanut?
Not in a million years.
Oh, well, it's your loss.
Yes, it is.
Hey, I'm gonna go watch
the sunset, so...
- Okay.
- I'll be back.
Okay, hang on,
I'll come with you.
Uh, okay.
(♪♪♪)
(Phone ringing)
(Grunting)
BLAKE: Hey,
we got an interview in 30 minutes.
- (Grunting)
- Piss off.
Oh, crap.
Hey, we'll be back in an hour
or two, okay?
Okay.
Alright.
Come on, get up,
we gotta go.
Oh.
Okay, so who's... Richard first?
Yes, Richard.
(Indistinct speech)
Yeah.
(♪♪♪)
(Knock on door)
- Howdy folks.
- Hi.
- Come on in.
- Thanks.
Hi.
Oh, here, here.
S... sorry about the mess.
Uh, I don't get visitors here
too often.
N... now you can make yourselves
to home, but-
but not too much, huh?
Hey, anybody want a drink?
- Uh, I'm okay.
- No, no, I... I'm good.
I'll have a beer!
- There you go.
- Thanks.
8:00 a.m. in the morning, man
who likes beer.
That's a man who knows
what's good for him.
Hey, there's 24 beers in a case,
24 hours in a day.
I don't think
that's a coincidence.
Oh.
Yeah, uh.
Put that right there,
and we should be all set.
Okay.
Are we almost ready
for the interview?
- Yeah, we're set to go.
- GLEN: Cool.
Alright, we are here today
with Richard Croos
who lives next to the mountain
and he has some knowledge
he'd like to share with us
regarding the mysterious
alien phenomenon
surrounding Mount Adams.
Richard, could you tell us
a little bit about
your history here.
Oh-ho, I've been here
all my life.
My father actually bought
the farm a month
before I was born.
And what do you think about
all the UFO stories?
Oh, there's lots of UFOs
and lights uh, around, they're...
they're not harmful.
It's... it's what comes out
of the red
that you have to worry about.
Uh, the normal flying things
around the mountain are...
are... are not a problem.
My father taught me
that the only time
you have to worry is
if the lights are red,
then you gotta get the hell
out of there.
Do... do the red lights
like attack people or...
No, it's what comes out
of the red lights.
Um, monsters or aliens
or something,
they come out and they hang
around for a couple of nights.
Oh, it... they steal livestock,
sometimes people, but it's uh...
it's somethin' that
we have to keep an eye on.
Well, how often do people see
these red lights?
Mm, depends on the time of year.
Maybe once a year.
That's once too often
for my mind.
Uh, we... we keep an eye on...
on it around here
and call each other up
if anybody sees a red light
up on that mountain.
Uh, it's kinda like
a neighborhood watch...
- (Chuckles)
- But for aliens.
So has anybody like tried
to predict
when the lights will appear?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I know somebody
who does that.
Uh, he knows a lot more about it
than I do,
anybody else for that matter.
Oh, would... would you be willing
to give us his contact info,
so we can talk to him?
Oh, of course.
Uh, as a matter of fact
he's a neighbor mine,
just lives a couple houses down.
- That's great.
- Sure.
Uh... uh,
is there any other questions?
I think I've given you
all I want
for this docudramatary
or whatever it is.
Uh, no, no.
You've... you've been great.
This has been a good interview.
Sure thing.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah well, thanks again so much
for letting us interview you.
Oh, yeah.
No problem,
you seem like good people.
Thank you again,
really appreciate it.
Yes.
Hey, and thanks for the beers.
Hey, anytime, son.
Hey.
One piece of advice.
Be careful.
I don't know if you believe
in all this,
but it sure as hell is real.
Alright, I'll...
I'll remember that.
(♪♪♪)
So where to, boss?
Let's go
to his neighbor's place,
so let's see if he's home,
right down there.
Alright, sounds like a plan.
(♪♪♪)
(Knock on door)
- Hello.
- Hey.
What can I do for you?
We were sent here
by Richard Croos.
Uh, he... he said
you could help us find out
when the lights on the mountain
will appear.
Oh, yeah, sure, sure.
- Come on in.
- Uh, thanks.
Please.
- Thanks.
You guys are gonna love this.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
These are predictions
when the light appear next.
Um, what day is today?
I believe it's the 2nd.
Look at here.
Sometime around tomorrow night
will be
when the red lights appear
again, so um, saying m...
uh, like probably
maybe 50% chance.
Sounds like
it's worth a shot to me.
Yeah, say would you like
to join us?
We'd love to have you on board.
- Really?
- Yeah.
That'd be great.
Do you know
where the ranger station
- is off of Highway 141?
- Well, yes.
- Of course, yes, I do.
- Perfect.
That's where we're meeting
our guide before we head on up.
Just be there at 2:00
this afternoon.
Hey guys, we got an interview
to do in 15 minutes.
- We gotta go to Debbie's house.
- Oh, right.
Um, yeah, but we gotta run,
but let's see,
here is my number,
just in case you need
to call me.
Okay, will do.
- Thank you.
- Thanks again, Willie.
Alright, you're welcome.
- See you guys later.
- Thanks.
Alright.
- Okay, we're ready to go.
- Cool.
I guess I'll start off
by asking
what do you think is going on here at Mount Adams?
Well, I'll tell you;
demonic activity,
plain and simple.
Care to explain
what you mean by that?
I don't expect you all
to understand completely,
but I do know somethin'
that'll help you understand
a little bit more.
"And I beheld another beast
coming up out of the earth,
and he had two horns
like a lamb,
and he spake as a dragon,
and he exerciseth all the power
of the first beast before him
and causes the earth and them,
which dwell therein
to worship the first beast,
whose deadly wound was healed.
And he doeth great wonders
so that he maketh fire come down
from heaven on the earth
in the sight of men."
Now, do you understand
what I'm talking about?
You mean the demons
are the monsters
people see on the mountains
and the fire from heaven
is supposed to be
the red lights?
Yes, yes, you understand.
Oh, and I've got another verse.
Ephesians 6:12.
"For we wrestle not
against flesh and blood
but against principalities,
against powers,
against the rulers
of the darkness of this world,
against spiritual wickedness
in high places."
Now, you can't tell me that
there's not a spiritual battle
goin' on up there.
Now, you said on the phone
that your daughter saw
the creatures, too.
They were demons.
We saw three of them out there,
just off of our tree sightline
and... and the sun had just set,
and I know that
they were demons.
They had red glowing eyes
straight from hell.
Is it alright if...
if we talk with her?
DEBBIE:
With Ruby?
Yes, she's outside taking care
of the animals.
Come on.
Hey guys, you must be
the demon hunter people.
- Mmhmm.
- I'm Blake.
Hey, I'm Glen.
Hey, Lily.
So um, your mom told us
that you saw the creatures.
Like could you tell us exactly
what you saw?
RUBY:
Yeah, sure.
It was right out there.
Uh, there were three of them,
running along the edge.
These things were huge,
had red eyes.
That's all I really remember.
Ruby, is that the only time
you've seen the creatures?
I wish it was, but no.
They'd usually come around here
when the red lights
would go off on the mountain.
When... when was the last time
you saw them?
About a year ago
was the last time I saw them.
I mean uh, they...
they must have done
somethin' up on the mountain,
'cause they were bringin'
trucks up there, bulldozers,
they were haulin' everything
up there.
I mean you still see
the red lights,
but whatever they are,
don't come around here anymore.
Oh, right.
Yeah, uh, we...
we've gotta get back,
I'm... I'm sorry, but hey,
thank you so much
- for letting us interview you.
- Oh.
- Thank you, Ruby.
- Thanks.
- No problem.
- Thank you, nice to meet you.
And good luck in
whatever it is you're doin'.
Nice to meet you.
Thanks.
(Door opens)
Oh, hey!
How'd it go?
LILY:
Pretty well.
- Good.
- Yeah.
I thought it went good.
Hey, I got a free beer.
Everything good here?
Yeah, Kim and Thomas should be
ready to go...
(Kim screaming)
(♪♪♪)
Are you guys alright?
(Screaming)
Oh, uh...
Welcome back.
Surprise.
Come on, really you guys?
You should know better.
Uh, surprise.
Surprise what?
That over there.
- (Gasping)
- (Chuckling)
You can't stay mad at me
forever.
Yeah, Lily, forgiveness
is the key to moving on
with your life.
How true.
We forgave you for being
a piece of...
Okay, you guys are really
getting on my nerves.
Uh-oh, somebody has nerves.
Oh, the nerve of some people.
Seriously, you guys?
(Laughing)
Hey, we're here.
I noticed.
(Birds chirping)
(Vehicle whirring)
Hi, I'm uh,
Chief Ranger Bill Jefferson.
- Glen, right?
- Yep.
We spoke to each other
on the phone?
- Yeah, that's me.
- Lily.
(Chuckles)
This is uh, it's Blake,
camera guy and tech.
- And uh, that's Candie.
- Hi.
And uh, Thomas and Kim,
they're the assistants.
Well, pleased to meet you all.
(Sighing)
So um, how about we get up
on that mountain?
- Yeah.
- Yeah,
we'll follow you on
up there.
Sounds good.
(♪♪♪)
(Grunts)
So uh, you know,
this is the uh closed-off trail
that leads up around
the mountain
eventually to the top.
Believe this is the trail
you mentioned on the phone.
Well, how are we supposed
to get up there
if it's blocked off?
You won't.
Nobody's allowed up there.
Uh, too many people
went missin',
so four years ago
we decided to start closin'
all the trails
that lead to the top.
Are there any trails
that are still open?
Only the ones around the base
of the mountain.
(Sighing)
I'll be right back.
I thought you talked to him
about this.
I did talk to the guy
(Sighing)
I can't believe
we came all the way out here
- for this.
- It's okay.
How much money do we have?
You're not thinking about
bribing a forest ranger?
Trust me.
How much do we have?
Um, I think about 500.
Yeah, 500.
I can't believe you brought
that much money.
Well, I wanted to be prepared
in case we had an emergency.
Well, this counts
as an emergency.
Yeah, I suppose.
(Sighing)
This is the part
where she flashes him
and he lets us go up there.
(Scoffs)
Hey, if you're willing to be
our guide on the trail,
I'll give you $300 cash
right now.
Um, look, if you...
you wanna pay for a tour guide
to take you up there,
I can do that,
but it'll cost you.
400.
Works for me.
(♪♪♪)
I'll go grab my stuff
and we'll get goin'.
Cool. Give us five minutes
to get ready.
(♪♪♪)
No, it's not safe.
Look, you don't have to go.
Nobody's forcin' you.
Everything alright?
Look, I'm sorry, I can't go.
I thought we just stayin'
on the side of the road.
It's not a smart idea to be
up there
if the light do come tonight.
Well, but we...
we have to go up there,
there's no clear shots
down here.
We have to...
we have to film the lights.
I know.
I know but...
Here, give me a radio,
so I can stay in contact
with you.
Here.
Well, we'll give you a call
if anything goes wrong.
Okay.
Stay safe, okay?
I will.
Hey Bill, give me your keys.
I'll drive the truck back
to the station.
I'll come pick you up
when you're ready.
Alright.
(Grunts)
(♪♪♪)
I'm afraid
I'm gonna want my money back.
Oh, no, no...
Everything's fine.
We just need to take a shortcut.
Did he say "shortcut"?
Are you absolutely sure
you know what you're doing?
I mean have you ever even been
on this path?
No, not exactly.
I'm familiar with the map,
I do know where we're going.
We'll just go on
through up here
and uh,
it'll take us to the top.
I promise.
You better be right.
(♪♪♪)
A word?
What's up?
Look, I... I don't think
it's a good idea to...
Blake, it's not gonna kill us
to go off the trail, okay?
It's fine.
As long as Bill knows
what he's doing, it'll be okay.
THOMAS:
Seriously?
I could eat a bowl
of alphabet soup
and crap out a statement
smarter than that.
Look, all Ranger Turd-face
is gonna do is get us lost,
so he can get the $400
for a blow-up doll.
Look, I know what I'm doin',
alright?
I've been
a chief forest ranger
for 10 years.
So why don't you just shut
the hell up
- and let me do my job?
- Keep talkin'.
Maybe someday you'll say
something intelligent.
Hey guys, uh,
we're losing daylight,
we need to move.
Whatever.
(Taking deep breaths)
I'm sorry, I um...
(Takes a deep breath)
Just need to take a quick rest.
Oh, I'll tell them to wait up.
Oh, no, that's okay.
Um, yeah, I can still see 'em,
so we can catch up.
(Taking deep breaths)
Are we really going all the way
to the top?
Well, yes.
Isn't this the romantic getaway
in the heart of nature
that you always wanted?
CANDIE:
Not exactly.
Though, everywhere with you
always turns
into a romantic getaway, so...
(Laughing)
I'll make it even more romantic
when we get to the top.
Oh, I'm sure you will.
(Chuckling)
Here, hand me my backpack.
Okay, let's...
let's get out of here.
(♪♪♪)
(Exclaims)
Blake.
(Yelling)
Really?
You guys.
Glen told us to come back
and check on you.
We're all waiting for you.
Looks like
they're alright to me.
Mission accomplished.
- (Chuckling)
- Yep.
I'm gonna kill you guys.
Good luck with that.
(♪♪♪)
So how much further?
Well, not much.
I suggest we uh,
set up camp here.
It's not much farther up
to the top.
Okay, that sounds great to me.
Blake, can you set up camp,
so uh, Glen and I can set up
some cameras on the trees
around here?
Yeah, no problem.
Hey, Thomas, Kim,
could you help him out?
- KIM: Yeah, sure.
- THOMAS: Sure.
Thanks.
Hey, how about right here?
That way we can see
if anything comes close to camp.
Oh, yeah, that'll work.
There we go.
Okay.
(Taking deep breaths)
You know, the lights
are probably just airplanes.
Stop being such a pessimist.
No, I'm being serious.
Like I mean
do you honestly think that
there's demons and aliens
up here?
I mean not really, but I think
anything's possible.
Well, I don't know.
I think some things
are more possible than others.
Okay, I got just one left.
Oh, yes.
Uh.
Where do you want this one?
Down that way.
Alright, cool.
(Grunting)
(♪♪♪)
No, no, you're shitting it
all up!
Why don't you watch
your language, you little turd.
Let me tell you about
a porcupine's balls.
They're small
and they don't give a crap.
Why don't you grow up?
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
come on now, guys!
Blake, do you have
all the camera stuff?
We need to head up
before it gets too dark.
Yeah, I'm all ready to go.
Candie, do you have your shoes?
Uh, they're right here,
I'll put 'em on.
BLAKE:
Alright.
Hey, Bill, you comin'?
No, I'm good.
You let me know
if you see anything, huh?
Will do.
Onward to battle
with the aliens!
(♪♪♪)
I'll now name this giant piece
of dirt "Titty Top Mountain".
(♪♪♪)
I'll set the camera up.
Hey, look down there.
Oh my God, are you filming?
Yeah, I'm getting this.
(♪♪♪)
(Indistinct chatter)
I can't believe it's on camera.
I know.
Oh my God, that footage
is gonna be amazing,
I cannot wait to see it.
We're gonna sell a lot of DVDs.
I know, I'm so excited.
(Chuckling)
(Overlapping conversation)
(Taking deep breaths)
This is Bill's.
Hey, Bill?
Why would he go walking
in the mud?
- (Gasping)
- KIM: Oh my God!
That's blood.
I'm calling 911.
You guys,
I don't have any service.
Lily, do you...
do you have the radio?
Yeah.
I mean we...
we should call Willie.
- Here.
- Have him call the police.
Oh my God.
Okay.
(Sniffling)
Willie, can you hear me?
This is Glen.
WILLIE: (On radio)Hello?
Hello?
Willie, this is Glen.
Can you hear me?
WILLIE: (On radio)Hello?
Willie, this is Glen.
Can you hear me?
We... we can't find Bill.
WILLIE: (On radio)Hello?
(Sniffling)
Okay.
Alright, guys, we ne...
we need to go look for him.
Well, you guys are the adults,
figure it out.
Good luck and good night.
Honestly, that's not a bad idea.
We're not gonna find him
at this time of night, anyway.
Yeah, I agree.
Yeah, sounds good.
Alright.
Fine, we'll... we'll...
we'll look for him
in the morning.
(Sighing)
(Indistinct speech)
(♪♪♪)
There you go.
So how much longer
do we have to uh, look for Bill?
I'm not sure.
We'll never find him,
'cause he's probably out stealing
our cars I bet.
Thomas, that's not funny.
He's probably really hurt.
I'm gonna go look for him.
You wanna come?
Yeah, sure.
GLEN:
Hey, Bill!
Bill!
You know, we're dead
if we don't find him.
Well, thanks for being positive.
No, seriously.
He's the only one
who knows his way back
to the trail.
Oh, I'm...
I'm sure we'll be fine,
we'll find him.
Oh, hold up,
I gotta water the trees.
Alright.
(Flies buzzing)
Oh!
Glen!
Glen, come over here!
I think I found something,
you need to see this!
He's dead.
Yeah, that... that's him.
We... we gotta tell 'em.
We gotta tell 'em.
No, no, wait, wait!
Thomas, wait!
(♪♪♪)
He's dead!
- What?
(Taking deep breaths)
We found him.
It looked like an animal attack
to me.
Oh my gosh.
So what... what do we do now?
I think we should pack up
and head back down.
But Bill was the only one
who knew how to get back.
We don't have a choice Kim,
okay?
This is a closed-off zone,
nobody comes up here.
She's... she's right.
If we're gonna try today
we need to leave
as soon as we can.
Okay.
(♪♪♪)
Are you okay?
We can take a break.
I'm fine, sort of.
(Sighing)
Ow!
What the hell was that?
It looked like a bug!
Wait, did you get stung?
Sure feels like I did.
(♪♪♪)
BLAKE:
Hey guys, I found it.
Blake, be careful
I don't know
if we brought your EpiPen.
Oh dang, that thing's nasty!
LILY:
Let me look.
CANDIE:
Be careful!
Oh, mm.
Get me a stick,
I wanna make sure
it doesn't hurt anybody.
Thomas lines up his bat
and focuses on the target.
Look at that concentration
as he's getting ready.
And he scores!
Oh, that was disgusting.
Everything going okay?
Yeah, as far as I can tell.
Does it feel any better?
Uh, yeah, sort of.
- You think you can walk?
- I can.
It doesn't hurt that bad,
it just really stings.
Okay.
- (Sighing)
- Here, let me help.
Thomas, get your backpack,
break's over.
(♪♪♪)
Lily, where's the trail?
We've been walking all day.
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
It means I don't know.
- Candie, we're lost.
- Don't... don't say we're lost.
(♪♪♪)
We should probably find a place
to set up camp.
I know.
You know, we've still got
plenty of food, we've got water,
we've got tents, sleeping bags,
I mean we'll be alright.
Alright.
I'll get a fire going,
that'll make you feel better.
(♪♪♪)
So since we're on the topic
of farms,
I kinda had a question.
If a cow laughed like really,
really hard
would milk come out
of its nose?
(Chuckling)
What?
I thought it made sense.
Hey, I lived on a farm
and I can tell you
that would never happen.
(Chuckling)
I visited a farm
for a school trip once
and the teacher asked
the farmer,
"So what's your favorite part
about bein' a farmer?"
He says, "Gettin' down dirty
with all my hoes."
CANDIE:
Oh my God.
(Chuckles)
Well, I think I'm ready
to hit the hay.
No pun intended.
(Chuckling)
Same here.
Me, too.
Oh, how's your leg doin'?
It's okay.
Thanks for asking.
Don't worry,
I killed that little sucker.
Uh, believe me
it wasn't little.
That was one...
Oh!
(Screaming)
Blake!
(Growling)
(♪♪♪)
(Taking deep breaths)
(Panting)
(♪♪♪)
CANDIE:
Blake!
Candie!
CANDIE:
Blake!
Candie!
(Screaming)
Blake!
Candie!
(♪♪♪)
(Sobbing)
Thomas, wake up.
Did... did we stay here
all night?
Yeah.
Guys, I had a really bad dream.
Blake was talking about
something and then...
That wasn't a dream.
Blake and Candie.
Guys, um, we're not gonna be
able to carry all this out.
We need to sort out and bring
only the essential things.
(♪♪♪)
That's not looking good.
There's nothing
I can do about it.
Hey, Glen, her leg's looking
really bad.
You need to fix it.
Let's see.
Y... yeah, that's... that's bad.
Okay, uh, I need to change
the bandage.
Um, let's... let's find a place
where you can sit down.
Okay.
Yeah, that's...
that's really bad.
Um, Lily, can you find me
a knife and a lighter?
Yeah.
No, I'm not gonna let you...
No, no, no,
I'm not gonna cut off your leg,
but there's a lot of pus
built up in there
and we need to get it out.
It'll hurt at first,
but I promise
it'll feel a lot better
when it's done.
Okay.
As long as you don't cut off
my leg I'm fine.
Is... is this the only knife
we have?
It's the only one I could find.
Okay.
(Sighing)
You might wanna close your eyes
for this.
(Kim grunting)
Okay.
(Grunting)
GLEN:
Alright.
Um, worst part is over.
Wasn't that bad.
That was like a giant zit
on your leg.
Shut up, that's gross.
Well, it is gross.
I don't think I can carry
my backpack.
I'll... I'll take it.
Are you sure you can carry
two backpacks?
Well, in that case,
I guess you'll take it then.
Well, I guess I will.
Let me know
if it gets too heavy
and I'll take it for you.
I'll definitely take you up
on that offer.
(♪♪♪)
I think we should stay here
tonight.
Yeah, I mean this place
will work
and at least we have
some protection behind us.
LILY:
Exactly.
(♪♪♪)
Hey, can you help me
collect firewood?
Oh, yeah, yeah, good idea.
(♪♪♪)
So how many more nights
are we gonna stay out here?
This is the last night I hope.
If not, how long
can we survive?
Well, we're pretty much
out of food.
Yeah, we have about
a day's worth of water.
So basically, we're all...
(Shushing)
You need to stay positive.
THOMAS:
Oh, okay.
So instead of the glass being
99% empty, it's 1% full.
Well, that's the spirit.
Hey, I'm gonna keep watch
for a while
if you wanna get some sleep.
Okay, wake me when it's my turn.
Alright.
Hmm.
(♪♪♪)
(Grunting)
What the hell?
What was that?
(Grunting)
I... I speared it.
You what?
(Taking deep breaths)
I don't... I don't think
they're coming back.
Well, how many were there?
GLEN:
I think there was about three.
I can't sleep now.
Well, how long till morning?
Um, it's... it's 5:45 right now.
So not too much longer
till sunrise.
Well, that's good news.
The only good news I want was,
"Oh, hey,
this was just a bad dream."
(♪♪♪)
(Birds chirping)
(Taking deep breaths)
(♪♪♪)
Glen!
(Birds chirping)
Lily!
(♪♪♪)
Glen, wake up.
(Grunting)
Oh my God, I can't move my leg.
What do you mean?
I can't feel my leg.
(Taking deep breaths)
Okay.
Alright, I'm gonna take...
I'm gonna take your boot off.
Okay.
Can you feel that?
No, I can't feel anything.
(Sighing)
This is bad.
Uh... uh, can we build
a stretcher for her
or something?
No, that'll take too long.
Uh, I'll just...
I'll just carry her.
Guys, uh, okay, let's start...
let's start packing up.
(♪♪♪)
Okay, so this will be really,
really uncomfortable,
but just let me know
if anything really
starts hurting.
I will.
Lily.
Just... just lift her up
really, really slowly.
Okay.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey, Thomas,
be sure to put out the fire.
Yeah.
(♪♪♪)
Hey, could one of you guys
hand me some water?
(♪♪♪)
(Taking deep breaths)
You guys, she has a fever.
Here, you need to drink that.
Is she gonna be okay?
Well, we really need to get her
to a hospital.
Okay, well, then we need
to move quickly.
It can't be far.
I... I hope you're right,
but I mean
it's gonna be dark soon.
Uh, Thomas, help me try to find
a campsite.
We'll be right back.
Be safe.
(♪♪♪)
Better find a darn good spot
or we're toast.
Yeah, yeah.
I know.
God, I'm tired.
(Sighing)
I still can't believe
this is happening, you know?
This was just supposed
to be a simple documentary
about all the nonsense
that people believe
about this mountain.
But no, no,
it just so happens that
there are real monsters
and aliens out to kill us.
Oh, and not to mention,
we're also completely lost
in the wonderful world
of unprocessed paper.
(Sighing)
Do you or Lily have
any sort of plan
that doesn't involve
the afterlife?
GLEN:
Uh, Lily's smart.
I'm... I'm sure
she's figuring out something.
We've been in some really
bad situations before.
She always figures
somethin' out,
always comes up
with some kind of idea.
Never... never this bad though.
If... if I'd only known
the danger
that I've put you and Kim in,
I... I never...
I never would have made
this stupid documentary.
Well, I'll just ask
for some extra college credit
when I get back.
I mean I definitely had no idea
that there was gonna be
real aliens up here.
I mean you really
shouldn't be blaming yourself
for this.
Blake and Candie are dead,
because I didn't take
this shit seriously enough
to come prepared for the worst.
They... they trusted me to know
what we were getting
ourselves into,
I can never forgive myself
for what happened.
I swear I will do everything
I can to make sure
that you and Kim
get back home safely.
It's really not your fault.
I know it's gonna take a while
for you to understand that
and I know how you feel.
I was the one
that convinced Kim
that this was just gonna be
another camping trip.
She didn't have to come,
but she insisted on going,
because well, I'm a dumbass
and I always find ways
to get into trouble.
She doesn't blame you at all
and neither do I.
It's really all of our faults.
You know, we better find a cave
or something
or we're gonna have a little
different set of problems
if you know what I mean.
You think we can find somethin'
before it gets too dark?
(Sighing)
I don't know.
I was gonna suggest
we should probably uh, split up
and look, but I'm pretty sure
we would both get lost.
Now, that's a deep thought.
Getting lost while we're lost.
It's like a lost inception.
(Chuckling)
Are you ready to get movin'?
I was just getting comfortable.
So was I.
Yo, Glen!
Let's sharpen
our alien-fighting skills.
Thomas, we don't have the time
for this.
Die, alien scum!
Thomas, I'm serious.
My name
is Thomas Dingle McDingdong.
You killed my father.
Prepare to die.
Okay, fine, you got it.
(Grunting)
(♪♪♪)
Glen! Stop! No!
Glen?
Glen, you okay?
(Grunting)
Glen!
Glen.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
(Taking deep breaths)
Find my... find my glasses.
Okay, alright.
Alright, no problem.
Here, I found them.
Thank you.
Uh, you... you got...
you got somethin'...
(Taking deep breaths)
Ow, God, oh God.
Oh, God, okay.
(Grunting)
Okay.
(Taking deep breaths)
How're we gonna get back
up there?
(Taking deep breaths)
I don't know.
I don't think... I don't think
I could get back up.
We're gonna... we're gonna have
to find a way... way around.
W... which way do you wanna go?
(Grunting)
Um...
(Takes a deep breath)
Probably... probably that way.
Alright.
(Takes a deep breath)
(Grunting)
(Taking deep breaths)
(♪♪♪)
Call me crazy, but is that
a cabin over there?
Are you serious?
(Taking deep breaths)
- You see it?
- Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I... I think I do.
I'll...
You gotta go tell the others
as fast as you can.
- Okay, okay.
- Go, get 'em over here.
(♪♪♪)
Glen!
Hey guys, check it out.
I ain't goin' hungry tonight.
Well, you know,
you have to share that.
What else is up there?
Just stuff.
What is it?
Well, we got us a chicken noodle
and chili combo for only 2.99.
What a deal.
Oh yeah.
(♪♪♪)
How is it?
Tastes pretty good.
Here, have some soup.
I can't eat.
Here, how about some of this?
KIM:
No, I don't feel good.
Rest up.
Tomorrow, we're getting out
of this dump for sure.
Thomas, you have to promise me
that you'll leave tomorrow
even if I can't.
What?
No.
I'm your big sister,
you have to do what I say.
No, I'm not leaving you here.
I'll be fine.
(♪♪♪)
Kim?
Kim, you awake?
Kim.
Don't do this, Kim.
Kim, wake up.
(♪♪♪)
Please.
Thomas, it's... it's okay,
she's alright.
I'm not dead, stupid.
Don't... don't do that.
I'm fine, I just need to sleep.
Okay, I'll let you sleep.
Glen, you need to come see this.
GLEN:
What is it?
(Growling)
What are we gonna do?
I don't know.
Well, hopefully they stay back.
I don't see nothing.
Well, they're...
they're out there.
Well, I think
we should keep an eye out.
I'll go first.
Alright, well, wake one of us
up in an hour or two, okay?
Don't fall asleep.
Well, that kind of defeats
the purpose
of keeping watch now, don't it?
LILY:
Just sayin'.
(♪♪♪)
(Growling)
Oh!
(♪♪♪)
We gotta make sure that window
stays boarded up.
THOMAS:
Hey, guys.
Yeah?
Why don't we feed the...
whatever the heck they are?
Wait, feed it?
What... what do you mean?
Yeah, with lead.
Huh, we got us another
boomstick right here.
(Grunting)
THOMAS:
And one for you.
Any shells for this?
THOMAS:
Yeah.
Cool.
(♪♪♪)
Now this, I would have signed up for.
(Growling)
Okay, guys, get ready.
(Gunshot)
(Growls)
(♪♪♪)
THOMAS: Now,
that's what I call "hunting".
Well, be careful how you aim,
we can't afford
to waste bullets.
Yeah, but we can't hold them off
forever.
I think we scared 'em off.
I highly doubt that.
Did you kill it?
I wounded one.
How many are out there?
I saw three, but who knows?
Did you sleep well?
No, but I'm feeling better.
Well, how's your leg?
I think I can feel it now.
LILY:
They're back.
(♪♪♪)
Where'd they go?
GLEN:
I don't know.
(Thudding and rumbling)
(Growling)
(♪♪♪)
(Gunshot)
Thomas,
give me another shell now!
(Gunshot)
(Grunting)
(♪♪♪)
Are you alright?
(Sobbing)
I'm not.
They keep breaking in.
We're practically out of ammo.
Blake and Candie are dead.
And I don't want us
to end up like them.
(Sobbing)
You got us this far.
We need to keep fighting.
Fighting together.
(Sniffling)
What's important.
What's really important is that
we have each other.
I love you so much.
What would I ever do
without you?
You'd be sad and alone.
(♪♪♪)
THOMAS: Uh, guys,
you might wanna look out the window.
(Growling)
Alright, Thomas, you need
to get me some more ammo.
About that,
there isn't any left.
Okay, well, there's got to be
more around here.
I already checked, but whatever
makes you feel better.
Alright, well,
just help me look.
(♪♪♪)
LILY:
Hey guys, I found something.
(♪♪♪)
Whoever owned this cabin
must have been a serious hunter.
Yeah, no kidding.
Well, we can definitely
use those.
Yeah.
What is it?
Oh, just another kinda
boomstick.
Be careful with those.
Oh, it's okay as long
as you don't drop it.
(♪♪♪)
You guys, we can't stay here
especially without ammo.
This is what I think
we should do.
Wait for it to get close,
light the dynamite,
then get out as fast as we can.
By the time it breaks in,
it should be ready to...
Kaboom!
Exactly.
Well, sounds like it could work.
Uh, guys,
I don't mean to be pushing,
but we got like
T-minus 35 times
whatever to get out of here.
Get Kim to the door...
- Alright.
- I'll get this one.
(♪♪♪)
(Growling)
Get ready.
(♪♪♪)
Now!
(Growling)
Do you think she lit it?
Of course, I did.
KIM:
Maybe it's a dud.
(Growling)
(Explosion)
(Chuckling)
I think we got it.
I'll admit for a moment there
I thought for sure
- we were all dead.
- For a moment?
I've been thinkin' that
since day one.
I'm just glad it's over.
Well, it's not over yet,
we're still lost.
Okay, but it could be
a lot worse.
Right, we need to get moving.
(Taking deep breaths)
Which way?
Same way we've been going.
(♪♪♪)
I'm in love with a road.
(Chuckling)
Oh, I missed you!
Here, take some of these.
I got plenty more
where that came from.
And now, we're rich.
With happiness.
(Chuckling)
Um, which way do we walk now?
I think
we just keep walking on down.
Yeah, I've been wanting
to do that all day.
Okay, that sounds like a plan.
Okay.
(♪♪♪)
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
(♪♪♪)